Various minor changes mostly targetting orcharhino builds (#3091)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_registering-a-host.adoc

ifdef::satellite[]
For more information, see https://access.redhat.com/solutions/65300[How to access Red Hat Subscription Manager (RHSM) through a firewall or proxy] in the _Red{nbsp}Hat Knowledgebase_.
endif::[]
ifdef::orcharhino[]
ifdef::debian[]
* Ensure that your host has `gpg` installed to import the GPG public key.
endif::[]
endif::[]
ifndef::satellite[]

> * You have setup the operating system entry on {Project} for {client-os}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have set up the operating system entry on {Project} for {client-os}.
```
or
```suggestion
* You have configured the operating system entry on {Project} for {client-os}.
```

Author: Applied the second suggestion.
